# Office Hour 30/09/2016 with Mathias Brandewinder (**@mathias**)

## Jobs

_How can we improve the functionality of the #Jobs channel?_

- The issue is that the diﬀerent F# openings are a bit spread everywhere which makes them diﬃcult to ﬁnd any of them in a future time.
We would like to put them in one single point/list, A where to-go list for F# that would aggregate everything.

> ***Proposal***:  A google form for jobs to be added + A spreadsheet for storing them.

- ”Companies – developers communication”: Companies looking for F# developers, and F# developers looking for jobs, have difficulties finding each other. We would like to engage with companies we know to see what would help them solve this kind of issues. We need to ﬁnd a way to make sure companies know where to ﬁnd us. 

***Proposal***:

 - A ﬁrst move would be to list all companies we know use F#,
 - Ask them what kind of recruitment issues they encounter
 - How the FSSF could help to solve them.

## The current positioning of F#

_Where to invest FSSF eﬀort to promote either F# use: in startups or enterprise?_

They both have their pros and cons. It is important to appeal both and not leave one aside.

F# positioning in the market is often focused on some of the language features which is not what everyone is looking for. Instead it has been proposed that it should be focused on showing how it provides solutions to real problems.
For instance:

- F#/C#/VB.NET interop inside VS could be improved
- instead of competing with C#, focus on where F# can be a .NET solution that would otherwise require another language: F#-REPL • Spark+Scala for .Net → F# • F# as a glue language, Instead of using Python for Machine Learning, try F#

## Mentorship

***Proposals***

 - Trying to focus the mentorship program with one project to build in mind, related to F# core engineering for instance.
 - Use this program to show all the contributors a-la rust which will be more appealing to the newcomers.
 - Pairing program with live coding could be another way to approach the mentorship program.